Prezentare

1. Intro - I am Cezar and I am a melomaniac. I'm also a former future wannabe Pianist (i started when I was 6 years old but gave up in Highschool).

While I was around 8 years old, I started to recognize similar chords in various songs I had to prepare for my regular terms.
From that point, my Professor started playing around with all sorts of clasical music ranging from Bach to Diabelli and compare them with popular songs at the time.


2. One particular composer which captured my fascination was Beethoven, especially due to the fact that he became gradually deaph during his lifetime, but he didn't let this stop him from composing some of the most beautiful songs ever written.

3. Alchemical Compunds: (gold, silver, mercury, copper, lead, iron & tin)
Similarly, a lot of Music Producers these day use a similar approach both to sound, as well as the Music Videos. 

4. Correlations - after seeing the Correlation Matrix broken by decades, I decided to have a closer look at the evolution over time and try to see how trends over time shift in terms of music tastes.  

* Danceability - describes how suitable a track is for dancing based on a combination of musical elements including tempo, rhythm stability, beat strength, and overall regularity.

* Acoustic music is music that solely or primarily uses instruments that produce sound through acoustic means, as opposed to electric or electronic means

* Energy is a measure from 0.0 to 1.0 and represents a perceptual measure of intensity and activity. Typically, energetic tracks feel fast, loud, and noisy.

* Instrumentalness predicts whether a track contains no vocals. “Ooh” and “aah” sounds are treated as instrumental in this context.

Speechiness detects the presence of spoken words in a track. The more exclusively speech-like the recording (e.g. talk show, audio book, poetry), the closer to 1.0 the attribute value

The overall estimated tempo of a track in beats per minute (BPM). In musical terminology, tempo is the speed or pace of a given piece and derives directly from the average beat duration.